> :Hero src=src/assets/images/markdown.png

> :Title
>
> Markdown: Specials in a Markdown file as well as syntax

> :Author name=LG,
>         date=2021-07-26,
>         avatar=src/assets/images/me.jpg

Till now, you must have got the prerequisites. If you didn't, go to the last blog and follow it. If you have it, you are good to go.

# Specials
1. Markdown has features like `bold`, `italic`, `strikethrough`, `bullet points` and the one I am using right now, numbered points.
2. Markdown is used in many source code hosters like GitHub, GitLab, and maybe more? It is also used in Jekyll as well as CODEDOC for blogs.
3. Markdown has many flavours. The most comonly used Markdown flavor is `GitHub Flavored Markdown`.
The whole lesson in Markdown will be based on GitHub Flavored Markdown that is used in a lot of things in GitHub. [issues, PRs, `./README.md` files and more in GitHub](:Footnote)

To get things started, I have put a tabbed section set with the most important snippets for your Markdown perfection.

# Tab snippets

> :Tabs
> > :Tab title=Bold and italic
> >
> > Bold can be used to bolden a text while italic is... well, you know.
> > ```markdown | bold+italic.md
> > **This is bold**
> > *This is italic*
> > __This is also bold__
> > _And this is also italic_
> > When conbined, you get ***this*** or __*this*__ or even **_this_**
> > ```
> > ------
> > The result:
> >
> > **This is bold**
> >
> > *This is italic*
> >
> > __This is also bold__
> >
> > _And this is also italic_
> >
> > When combined, you get ***this*** or __*this*__ or even **_this_**
> > ------
>
> > :Tab title=Tasks
> >
> > Tasks are a way in Markdown, especially the GitHub flavored one to make a checklist.
> > It can be useful in a task list for a new feature in GitHub.
> > ```markdown | tasks.md
> > - [ ] put a space in the parenthesis
> > - [x] tasks that are done have an x instead of a space inside the parenthesis
> > this is in code mode. let's switch now!
> > ```
> > ------
> > Result(***put this in Typora***):
> > 
> > - [ ] put a space in the ***parenthesis***
> > - [x] tasks that are done have an x instead of a space inside the ***parenthesis***
> > -----
>
> > :Tab title=Headers
> >
> > headers are useful in Readmes for bold text with just this: `# `
> > used as:
> > ```markdown | Headers.md
> > # h1
> > # h2
> > # h3
> > # h4
> > # h5
> > # h6
> > ```
> > Result:
> > 
> > # h1
> > ## h2
> > ### h3
> > #### h4
> > ##### h5
> > ###### h6
> > only 6 sizes of headers
>
> > :Tab title=Strikethrough
> >
> > This is the only piece which needs the HTML tag `<s>whatever</s>`
> > ```markdown | strikethrough.md
> > <s>test</s>
> > ```
> > ------
> > Result:
> > 
> > <s>test</s>
>
> > :Tab title=Bulleted and numbered points
> > ### Bulleted points
> > Bulleted points can be used if you want a concise list of points if you are studying.
> > ```markdown | bulleted-points.md
> > - hi
> > - my name is LG
> > - :laugh: :+1:
> > ```
> > -----
> > Result:
> > 
> > - hi
> > - my name is LG
> > - :laugh: :+1:
> > ------
> > ### Numbered points
> > Same way you wrote questions and answers when you were young(not a joke)
> > ```markdown | numbered-points.md
> > 1. hi
> > 2. bye
> > 3. joking
> > ```
> > ------
> > Result: 
> >
> > 1. hi
> > 2. bye
> > 3. joking
>

So, till now, we learnt:
1. The most famous flavor of Markdown [GitHub Flavored Markdown](:Footnote)
2. Syntax used mainly by devs in Markdown [`bold`, `italic`, `strikethrough`, `bulleted points`, `numbered points`, and last, `Headers`](:Footnote)

> :SeeTypo$

# Footnotes

> :Footnotes

# Tags

The [tags feature of Coding Blog Plugin](https://connect-platform.github.io/coding-blog-plugin/tags) is still being developed.  Eventually the tags will link somewhere.

[markdown](:Tag) [lessons](:Tag)

> :Watermark

Made and deployed by [`coding.blog`](https://coding.blog/)
# Comments

> :DarkLight
> > :InLight
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-light
>
> > :InDark
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-dark
