<!-- > :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/codedoc-light.png, -->
<!-- >       mode=light -->

<!-- > :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/codedoc-dark.png, -->
<!-- >       mode=dark -->

> :Title
>
> The Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Gambit(A06)

> :Author name=LG,
>         date=2021-08-28,
>         avatar=src/assets/images/me.jpg

So, many of you who read my about page know that I love chess. I know a lot of gambits, am a 1200 in Lichess puzzles, and always solve a puzzle even if it is wrong sometimes.

I am not gonna talk about that. I am going to talk about...

The Intercontinental Ballistic Missile(ICBM) Gambit under A06.

The ICBM is under the Tennison Gambit, a very attacking gambit where as usual, you gambit or lose a pawn(1 point of material) in the beginning of the game. On PURPOSE. And, all for a reason. No treason.

The main point of the ICBM is to gain the queen with absolute discrimination, brutality and savagery. And it is perfect, because the queen is 9 points of material. 9 POINTS?! You win.

You play it as White. Like this:
1.e4

Moving the e4 pawn is necessary becuase that is the first piece and pawn gambited.

Black will respond with d5, the Scandinavian Defense. Very attacking but you respond with knight to f6. Reverting back to A06, the Tennison Gambit.

Black responds with knight to f6, defending the pawn. White must respond with d3, and Black takes with the pawn(dxe3). Now, how do you *take* it? Remember GothamChess' famous saying? Danger Levels? What's worth more than a pawn? The bishop. Take with the bishop.
Black has to take with the king, which makes him lose the power to castle(teachin' yall next time) and protect his queen and rook from the fork. White responds with bishop to g6 check. Here, black has two choices, one is to take and the other is to move to g8. But whatever happens, you launch your queen with the Intercontinental Ballistic Missile to d8, where the Black queen is situated, taking the black queen, the soul of the player with the black pieces and banishing the queen to the shadow realm(ask gothamchess aboout that) and gaining 3 points of material, ie. a bishop or a knight.

The way to play(thanks to lichess for hosting the embed):
<iframe src="https://lichess.org/embed/cGxqq1RX#15?theme=auto&bg=auto"
width=600 height=397 frameborder=0></iframe>

Video as an issue in the blog's repo, go view that to see the evaluation bar go up.

The ICBM can boom your opponent away. If you like these, then consider suggesting more ideas because I am all out of creativity.

And, if you made it this far, you are awesome.
# The usual end part:

> :SeeTypo$

# Tags

The [tags feature of Coding Blog Plugin](https://connect-platform.github.io/coding-blog-plugin/tags) is still being developed.  Eventually the tags will link somewhere.

[Chess](:Tag) [ICBM](:Tag) [Tennison-Gambit](:Tag)

> :Watermark

> :Buttons
> > :Button label=GitHub, url=https://github.com/im-coder-lg
>
<!-- > > :Button icon=true, label=code, url=https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d -->

Made and deployed by [<kbd>coding.blog</kbd>](https://coding.blog/) and CODEDOC
# Comments

> :DarkLight
> > :InLight
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-light
>
> > :InDark
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-dark


# Footnotes

Only the most cautious person will see this. If you did see this, you are awesome :)

> :Footnotes
<!--Done during the first revision-->