> :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/batch-file.png,
>       mode=light

> :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/batch file mobile.jpg,
>       mode=dark

> :Title
>
> Batch files: What are they and how do I ***make*** them?

> :Author name=LG,
>         date=2021-07-31,
>         avatar=src/assets/images/me.jpg

Now, there are situations in which you have a Windows computer, you accidentally have a meeting but woke up late. Your laptop is a little bit slow in the beginning when you start using it but will start adjusting. But, in the beginning, you will have to open Outlook for the meeting link, Zoom for joining the meeting, and your browser, to check the list you would have made or something in that.
It just gets boring, right? Clicking ***THREE*** apps is just boiling angry for me. But, luckily, for all users of Windows, Mac OS and Linux, there are some file formats which you ignore. Those formats are called `.bat`, the Windows Batch File, and `.sh` The Linux Shell Script. Today, I will be teaching you about the batch files. Curious? Let's get started!

### Prerequisites
First off, you need Notepad++. It is the best for Batch file editing.

Next, you need ConEmu. If you ask, "LG, why ConEmu? Why not the stock Command Prompt or the Windows Terminal?", it is because ConEmu has a ***WIDE*** range of selections. Whatever I do will be based on the ConEmu CMD Shell layout.

If you don't know how it looks, have a look below:
```
User@HostnameOf-TheComputer C:\Users\User
$
```
Now, that layout is just a bluff. THe original layout is hidden, but we are learning `.bat`s, let's not dive into that now.

Next, you need Git and NodeJs(you will know about it later).

### First off...
The beginning of every batch file has to start with `@ECHO OFF`. Typically, you don't need to start like that, but `@ECHO OFF` means that the commands I put afterwards will be hidden, ie.> The outputs will be shown, but not the inputs.

Next, you enter your commands, ***ALL OF THEM*** in a single line. If you wonder why I told like that, it is because of this part: `&&`. Now, `&&` means that if and only if the line before `&&` succeds successfully, only then, it would run the next line. It is basically a safety line.

In the end, you enter `PAUSE` exactly as it is. `PAUSE` pauses the command and if you click any key in your keyboard, it would just close.

### Let's make a batch file!
Now, this batch file is related to an issue in one of my favourite repositories, [`Google Assistant Unofficial Desktop Client`](https://github.com/Melvin-Abraham/Google-Assistant-Unofficial-Desktop-Client). Some guy corrupted the config [lmao he didnt know to clear it](:Footnote) so I tried asking him to build it. He didn't know that. [hahahahaha(vscode laughing)](:Footnote) So, I made a batch file that, when placed in the user directory and run, produces a COMPLETE built version of GAUDC that can be run anytime from a folder from the Desktop. Now, your task is to recreate it. Don't worry, I will help you, but you have to code it by yourself, and I will place the copy button, for use. The code for the batch file is a gist in my GH account and I placed a button with the code icon for you.

#### The code
Now, let's start.
Make a new file through the command prompt like so(and use ConEmu so you don't get spoofed):
```bash | ConEmu
echo. >> my-first-batch-file.bat # --> It makes the file. These commands are only for Windows
cd # --> Doesn't change the directory, just shows where you are :)
```
Now, let me explain that. The `echo` command with the dot after that says to create an empty file. The batch file will be created in your directory, where you are.

Now, open Notepad++ and open the new batch file you made. Next, add this:
```batch | my-first-batch-file.bat
@ECHO OFF
echo Hi!
PAUSE
```
> :Buttons
> > :CopyButton

Now, you know the functions, right? `@ECHO OFF` means, no input, only output, `echo Hi` means say hi, and `PAUSE` means end the program. Now, save the file and run it in ConEmu.
```bash | ConEmu
my-first-batch-file.bat
> Hi!
```
The output `Hi!` is present, which means the command worked successfully! Yay!

Now, we are gonna get a lil' bit harder here.

#### Intermediate mode
Now, we were using CMD commands only. Now, we are going to use Git and NodeJS's NPM [Node Package Manager](:Footnote) ***separately*** in ***ANOTHER*** Batch file.
Make a new file the same way we did last time.
```bash
echo. >> batch-file-with-git-and-npm.bat # --> Makes the file
cd # --> shows your directory
```
For this, I will use the code I made in the gist.
And, how did we make the batch file last time? Opening it in Notepad++, and adding the code, which is:
```batch | gitandnodejs.bat
@ECHO OFF
echo Get Git. && echo If you didn't, the batch file will fail. && echo Move this to your user directory. && cd Desktop && git clone https://github.com/Melvin-Abraham/Google-Assistant-Unofficial-Desktop-Client.git && cd Google-Assistant-Unofficial-Desktop-Client && npm install && npm run dist && cd dist\win-unpacked && echo built. && echo open this directory in Explorer, && echo go to `dist` and then go to `win-unpacked`. && echo Then, run Google Assistant.exe! && echo Voila! Your path is shown as below && cd
PAUSE
```
> :Buttons
> > :CopyButton

#### Explanation
I have put a tabbed section where I explain about that ;)

> :Tabs
> > :Tab title=Beginning part
> > <script src="https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d.js"></script>
> > Now, as you see above, `@ECHO OFF` is placed to remove the input, and the `@` is used for removing the `ECHO OFF` command itself!
>
> > :Tab title=Commands
> > <script src="https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d.js"></script>
> > The first command is an `echo` command giving instructions. Then it changes it's directory to Desktop from the user directory. It is well advised to put it in the user directory or it will fail. Then, it clones the GAUDC project, changes it's directory AGAIN, and installs and builds via `npm install && npm run dist`. The, at last, it provides the path for the program with instructions.
>
> > :Tab title=End
> > <script src="https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d.js"></script>
> > In the end, I placed a `PAUSE` line to end the program there, showing the outputs.
>

# In the end...
Till now, we learnt:
1. What is a batch file(If you didn't learn, click the footnote) [Automating file using Windows' CLI to run, open, close, delete apps](:Footnote)
2. How to make a basic batch file: [click here](#the-code) [use some commands and edit in Notepad++](:Footnote)
3. Making an intermediate batch file for cloning and building a project automatically. What is the project name? [Google Assistant Unofficial Desktop Client](:Footnote)
# Source code for the batch file made by me:
:~)

<script src="https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d.js"></script>

# The usual end part:

> :SeeTypo$

# Tags

The [tags feature of Coding Blog Plugin](https://connect-platform.github.io/coding-blog-plugin/tags) is still being developed.  Eventually the tags will link somewhere.

[markdown](:Tag) [lessons](:Tag)

> :Watermark

> :Buttons
> > :Button label=GitHub, url=https://github.com/coder-lg
>
> > :Button icon=true, label=code, url=https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d

Made and deployed by [`coding.blog`](https://coding.blog/) and CODEDOC
# Comments

> :DarkLight
> > :InLight
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-light
>
> > :InDark
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-dark

# Footnotes

Only the most cautious person will see this. If you did see this, you are awesome :)

> :Footnotes
