<!-- > :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/codedoc-light.png,
>       mode=light

> :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/codedoc-dark.png,
>       mode=dark -->


> :Title
>
> One strange and scary Zoombooming method

> :Author name=LG,
>         date=2021-08-30,
>         avatar=src/assets/images/me.jpg

Hey. Been a long time for me. Okay, this might seem like I am talking to my friend about something super-strange but this *is* super strange. A few weeks ago, I was supposed to join a Zoom meeting, but I couldn't. Zoom was down. It was down in Australia, and now, Zoom was down even in India, where I live. I couldn't even join the meeting, and it was important. I got various links but the password didn't work. Then, I just had the strangest revelation. You know how every Zoom links are made, right? It is like this:
```
https://us04web.zoom.us/j/{{random-meeting-id}}?pwd={{random-password-hashed-edition}}
```
So, I placed the random hashed password in the Password field and... I joined? REALLY?!

This is the most craziest way to join a Zoom meeting. And, remember the Zoomboomings during last year? Surge of Zoom resulted in a lot of Zoomboomings where they put all kinds of crap. And nobody can clean that up.

Share this message, so that it reaches Zoom and they must fix this vulnerability. This might be one of the most scariest and strangely cool method to hack into a Zoom meeting.

I don't want publicity, but if you share this message, Zoom might fix this and finally be more secure than anyone thinks.


And, if you made it this far, you are awesome.
# The usual end part:

> :SeeTypo$

# Tags

The [tags feature of Coding Blog Plugin](https://connect-platform.github.io/coding-blog-plugin/tags) is still being developed.  Eventually the tags will link somewhere.

[Revelations](:Tag) [hola-boomer!](:Tag)

> :Watermark

> :Buttons
> > :Button label=GitHub, url=https://github.com/im-coder-lg
>
<!-- > > :Button icon=true, label=code, url=https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d -->

Made and deployed by [<kbd>coding.blog</kbd>](https://coding.blog/) and CODEDOC.
# Comments

> :DarkLight
> > :InLight
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-light
>
> > :InDark
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-dark


# Footnotes

Only the most cautious person will see this. If you did see this, you are awesome :)

> :Footnotes