> :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/codedoc-light.png,
>       mode=light

> :Hero src=src/assets/images/thumbnails/codedoc-dark.png,
>       mode=dark

> :Title
>
> Codedoc: What it is and comparison to Jekyll

> :Author name=LG,
>         date=2021-08-21,
>         avatar=src/assets/images/me.jpg

# How we got HERE:

In everyone's lives, there is this one moment in which we would think, How can I host a website?

Trust me, I thought the same.

Before I created the GitHub account, I always wantes a website. A simple blog where I publish articles, like this and my Jekyll Type-On-Strap blog. And one day, I heard about GitHub Pages. 

So, I made an account here. And I made some repositories of my Python projects here. Then, I found out the method of hosting a GitHub Pages website. I made my first website repository and had plain, simple HTML. Then, one day, I heard about Jekyll.

It was great, because, it had the simplicity I always wanted. So, I found the best method to do that, and I did it. I had a favicon set up, and used the Minima theme. Try that once, it is just simply cool. The white aesthetic, just like an iPhone retail box's outside box.

Then, I heard about Type-On-Strap. Immediately, I started using that. I really loved it. Very cool, and had what I wanted: dark mode. 

Then, one day, I was scrolling and I found issue 302, and there, I found Tyson William's blog, which led me to coding.blog, which led me to CODEDOC and this blog. This is maily programming and cool things you can do, but I still have Type-On-Strap. I love both these themes, and the configuration level in both of them is high. Like, very high.

So, the next thing I did HERE was:

1. Make a wiki
2. Edit the entire site and add footer icons(how WOW is that?)
3. Make this.

Now, before we compare, I told <kbd>HOW WE GOT HERE</kbd>. I forgot to tell <kbd>What is CODEDOC?</kbd>

<!--First Revision-->

And, if you made it this far, you are awesome.
# The usual end part:

> :SeeTypo$

# Tags

The [tags feature of Coding Blog Plugin](https://connect-platform.github.io/coding-blog-plugin/tags) is still being developed.  Eventually the tags will link somewhere.

[Gitpod](:Tag) [Dockerfiles](:Tag)

> :Watermark

> :Buttons
> > :Button label=GitHub, url=https://github.com/im-coder-lg
>
<!-- > > :Button icon=true, label=code, url=https://gist.github.com/coder-lg/f82b7337ac76ed6d70c2bd8e8dd7600d -->

Made and deployed by [<kbd>coding.blog</kbd>](https://coding.blog/) and CODEDOC
# Comments

> :DarkLight
> > :InLight
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-light
>
> > :InDark
> >
> > > :Utterances theme=github-dark


# Footnotes

Only the most cautious person will see this. If you did see this, you are awesome :)

> :Footnotes
<!--Done during the first revision-->